aboutme.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About me
subtitle: Who Am I -reference from Les
Miserable
---

My name is Alex Leu, and this is what I do!

- I've recently started working in the Optimization Lab team at AdRoll as a
  Data Scientist.
- I've recently developed an interest in Shiny and R Markdown by RStudio.
- I also like to run. I just finished a half marathon in November 2016.
- I like to play guitar, beatbox, and sing!

### my interest
I am a natural science lifelong learner who recently discovered the beauty
of computer science. I started coding on my first job in sales operation,
realized manual daily tasks could be automated with programming, and the
ultimate result of automation led me to the world of computational statistic,
aka data science.

With this picture in mind, I was intrigued by this challenge to transform
an ideal world into reality. I started off with writing scripts and apps that
optimzied my work efficiency, which paved the way to codes that improved
the entire teams' daily tasks. As I moved from operational to
the BI side, I became even more fascinated by how data science could be utilized
to impact business models.

My passion is to create and optimize data algorithms that not only replace
manual nodes with data driven quality, but can also connect the full
data stream to make the best business executive decisions.

### my history

I graduated from UCLA back in 2014 in Biophysics.

I worked as a contractor at Google back in 2014-2016 as a Business Intelligence
Devleoper.

Commit message:

Changing a bit on about me.

aboutme.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About me
---

My name is Alex Leu, and this is what I do!

- I've recently started working in the Optimization Lab team at AdRoll as a
  Data Scientist.
- I've recently developed an interest in Shiny and R Markdown by RStudio.
- I talk a lot about Data Pipeline framework, play with few lanugages(Julia), \
	and try to optimize everything I've learned @ work to implement in
real life.
- I also like to run. I just finished a half marathon in November 2016.
- I like to play guitar, beatbox, and sing!

### my interest
I am a natural science lifelong learner who recently discovered the beauty
of computer science. I started coding on my first job in sales operation,
realized manual daily tasks could be automated with programming, and the
ultimate result of automation led me to the world of computational statistic,
aka data science.

With this picture in mind, I was intrigued by this challenge to transform
an ideal world into reality. I started off with writing scripts and apps that
optimzied my work efficiency, which paved the way to codes that improved
the entire teams' daily tasks. As I moved from operational to
the BI side, I became even more fascinated by how data science could be utilized
to impact business models.

My passion is to create and optimize data algorithms that not only replace
manual nodes with data driven quality, but can also connect the full
data stream to make the best business executive decisions.

### my history

I graduated from UCLA back in 2014 in Biophysics.
